Update mobile documentation (#13)
fishjam-cloud/documentation: guide/react-native/installation.mdx

# Installation

## Create new App

<details>

>   <summary>Follow these steps to create new mobile app</summary>

Reviewer: **nitpick:** 
```suggestion
  <summary>Follow these steps to create a new mobile app</summary>
```

If you don't have an existing project, you can create a new Expo app using a template

```bash
npx create-expo-app@latest my-video-app
```

> As next step, you have to generate native files with `expo prepare` command:

Reviewer: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
As the next step, you have to generate native files with `expo prepare` command:
```

```bash
npx expo prebuild
```

You can also follow more detailed [expo instructions](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/introduction/).

</details>

## Step 1: Install the package

Install `@fishjam-cloud/react-native-client` package:

```bash npm2yarn
npm install @fishjam-cloud/react-native-client
```

## Step 2: Configure App permissions

> Your app will need to have configured permissions to use microphone and camera in order to work.

Reviewer: **nitpick:** 
```suggestion
Your app must have permissions configured to use the microphone and camera.
```

### Android

For android you need to ask for certain permissions:

- `android.permission.CAMERA`
- `android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO`
- `android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS`

<Tabs groupId="app-type">

  <TabItem value="expo" label="Expo">

You need to modify `app.json` file and add all permissions:

```json
{
  "expo": {
    ...
    "android": {
      ...
      "permissions": {
        "android.permission.CAMERA",
        "android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO",
        "android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rn" label="Bare workflow">

You need to modify AndroidManifest.xml file, and these lines:

```xml
<manifest xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android">
  ...
  <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.CAMERA"/>
  <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO"/>
  <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTING"/>
  ...
</manifest>
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### iOS

> No action is required for iOS

Reviewer: **issue:** On iOS you need `NSCameraUsageDescription` and `NSMicrophoneUsageDescription` in `Info.plist`, otherwise the app will crash.
